
nigga ask about me nigga ask about me
nigga ask about me nigga ask about me
i'm a hustler, i'm a-i'm a hustler homey
i'm a hustler, i'm a-i'm a hustler homey
nigga ask a... nigga-nigga ask about me
nigga ask a... nigga-nigga ask about me
i'm a hustler, i'm a-i'm a hustler homey
i'm a hustler, i'm a-i'm a hustler homey
nigga ask a... nigga-nigga ask about me
nigga ask a... nigga-nigga ask about me
i'm a hustler, i'm a-i'm a hustler homey
i'm a hustler, i'm a-i'm a hustler homey


i'm a hustler, i'm a-i'm a hustler homey
i'm a hustler, i'm a-i'm a hustler homey
nigga ask a... nigga-nigga ask about me
nigga ask a... nigga-nigga ask about me
i'm a hustler, i'm a-i'm a hustler homey
i'm a hustler, i'm a-i'm a hustler homey
nigga ask a... nigga-nigga ask about me
nigga ask a... nigga-nigga ask about me
i'm a hustler, i'm a-i'm a hustler homey
i'm a hustler, i'm a-i'm a hustler homey

